Update release guide and contributing template (#119)
meilisearch/integration-guides: guides/integration-release.md

Follow the steps in the `Release Process` section in the `CONTRIBUTING.md` file of the repository carefully. These steps should be precise; if it's not, please open an issue on the related repository.

#### Writing the Release Description

> During these release steps, you might publish a release via the GitHub interface and so provide a description with the release changelogs.<br>

Reviewer: If the release is dont not via the GitHub interface, you cannot provide a description with the changelogs or is there no description?

Not sure I understand

Author: Not sure to understand your question 😂

Reviewer: 😂 
> you might publish a release via the GitHub interface and so provide a description with the release changelogs.

Can you not provide a description using de github CLI?

Author: This process is not for releases that don't use the GH interface. The integrations that need to release in a different way already have a really detailed section in their CONTRIBUTING (the devops integration repositories for example).

Author: Only the repositories that need to release to the GH interface link this guide in their CONTRIBUTING

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During these release steps, depending on the integration, releasing is done via the GitHub interface. The release comes with a description containing the changelogs. <br>
```

> The [Release Drafter tool](./release-drafter.md), integrated into most repositories, helps you provide a kind of structure, but please, feel free to add final modifications in the release description to ensure these changelogs are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Release Drafter tool](./release-drafter.md), integrated into most repositories, provides a release description structure with all pull requests added in this version (__without `skip-changelog` label__). Nonetheless, please add additional content in the release description to ensure these changelogs are:
```
